Advanced Boot - full featured boot services on any device
By Ricky Divjakovski



Setting Advanced Boot preferences
    by default adv.boot.user.configurable is enabled
	adv.boot.user.configurable enabled will allow users to edit preferences from /sdcard/AdvBoot/boot.prefs.
	if not preferences from /system/boot.prefs will not be applied.
	if no preferences file there the tool will copy default preferences to /system/
	if no preferences file in /sdcard the /system copy will be copied to /sdcard if user configuration is enabled
	developers - edit the /system/boot.prefs file
	users - edit the /sdcard/boot.prefs file
	AdvBoot/boot.prefs will be loaded by default.
	if found /system/boot.prefs those settings will over-ride default settings.
	if found /sdcard/boot.prefs and adv.boot.user.configurable enabled those settings will over-ride default and system settings.
	you can see why a toggle is added to allow users to configure the preferences right? 
note:	if enabled default boot.prefs will be copied on first boot to /sdcard/boot.prefs is not found
		to enable user configuration.
		if users delete /sdcard/boot.prefs then user configurable will be disabled until they factory reset the device.


-Enabling advanced boot
	will ebable this tool to apply default, developer or user configuration.


-User configuration
	enabling user configuration will apply preferences from /sdcard/boot.prefs if found.


-Init.d
	enabling init.d will allow scripts to be executed on boot from the directory of choice(adv.boot.initd.path).


-External init.d
	enabling will allow scripts to run from a secondary directory of choice(adv.boot.external.initd.path).
	this option is for developers who prefer their rom not be modified by users but enable them to have the same
	privelleges and also preserve their init.d tweaks for updates if secondary choice is on /sdcard.

	
-Bootanimation and bootsounds
	simple, you can enable or disable boot animation and sounds.
	
	
-No call delay
	if you enable this you remove the short delay before making a phone call
	
	
-Improving image, audio and video quallity
	if you enable this it increases media quallity slightly
	
	
-WMA and WMV playback
	if you enable these you allow the device to decode WMA audio and WMV video files
	
	
-Faster streaming
	enabling this will increase the speed of streaming
	
	
-System ADB notification
	toggling this will allow you to show or remove the system ADB notification


-Battery tweaks
	enabling this will increase battery by doubling the default dirty_writeback_centisecs dirty_expire_centisecs values.

	
-Sdcard readahead
	enabling sdcard readahead will change the system value to the selected value.
	2048 is a better setting then the devices default.

	
-Zipalign on boot
	if zipalign on boot is enabled then all apps and framework(/system/app, /system/priv-app, /system/framework, /data/app_
	will be zipaligned on boot.
	this tool is smart so the tool will remember what apps have been zipaligned so only files
	that have not been zipaligned will be zipaligned on boot.
	if all have already been zipaligned zipaligning will not be applied.
	

-Auto settings backup
	enabling this will give you the abillity to choose to backup the following
	user settings - your system user settings(wallpaper, lockscreen wallpaper, homescreen layout)
	battery stats - your battery stats file(for advanced users)
	philz recovery settings - your philz touch recovery settings
	downloaded apps - your 3rd party installed apps(from google play/system app updates)
	bluetooth settings - your bluetooth paired device settings
	wifi settings - your connected wifi settings and mobileAP settings


-Auto restore settings
	if the tool detectes no /data/advboot.log then it will automatically restore the backed up settings
	if enabled and a backup is present as the tool will know the /data partition has been wiped
		

-Dalvik2Cache
	enabling this will move the dalvik-cache to the /cache partition on first boot if /cache is greater then 100000 
	to optimize the performance.
	

-Custom DPI
	enabling this allows dpi modding from the boot.prefs file.

		
	
-Use googles DNS server
	enabling this will make the device use googles DNS server by default
	
	
-Fast reboot
	enabling this will make your device "hibernate" instead of completely powering off
	therfore booting quicker

	
-Increase device response
	enabling this will increase the all-round response of your device
	
	
-System performance tweaks
	enabling this will increase your device performance slightly or dramatically
	recommended to use this only if you have a backup before you apply it
	
	
-Dalvik bitcode verification
	disabling this increases your device speed and power the most
	although some apps are said to crash randomly and its known to cause some small bugs
	i recommend a backup before applying this

	
-Automount /system or /data
	enabling will allow the enabled partitions to be mounted as readable and writable on boot.	

	
-To Do List
	implement zipaligning on boot
	implement manual settings restore
	make Advanced Boot Configuration app
	make aroma flashable .zip
	add x86 and x64 device support
	